# AUpresetConverter

Here are set of utility to manipulate an EQ generated by REW or in APO
format.

A common use case on MacOS is that when you have done a room calibration and
you are getting some EQs generated by REW, you may have to manually
copy the EQ into AUNBandEQ. It takes 5 minutes to copy the parameters
but it is very error prone and boring.

Another use case is to use an EQ generated by
[autoEQ](https://github.com/jaakkopasanen/AutoEq/tree/master/results)
for your headphone. You feed it to the tool and you get a preset.

# How it works?

The easiest way is to use <a href="https://eqconverter.spinorama.org/">eqconverter.spinorama.org/</a>

You can also run it locally:

## Installation

```
python3 -m venv venv
source ./venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## Run it

```
./rew2aupreset.py -i eq.txt
```

will copy the AUpreset to the standard output.

you may want to copy it where most DAW can find it:

```
./rew2aupreset.py -i eq.txt -install
```

you can redirect to a file with the -o flag.

```
./rew2aupreset.py -i eq.txt -o eq.aupreset
```

will copy the AUpreset where DAWs(1) expect to find them (2).

- (1) at least Reaper and Logic will
- (2) ~/Library/Audio/Presets/Apple/AUNBandEQ

# Running the App

In developement mode, just do:


```
reflex run
```

If you want to expose it on the internet, you can use a reverse proxy, you will need a domain name and the associated certificate.
In the etc directory, you will find a config file for nginx (the reverse proxy) and a systemd service config file.

the systemd file should go to `~/.config/systemd/user`, edit the path and then you can run it via:

```
systemctl --user enable eqconverter.service
systemctl --user start eqconverter.service
systemctl --user status eqconverter.service
```

the nginx file should go to ``/etc/nginx/site-available`. Look at the ngnix manual for more details.



